the noise Shula pacifier weimar here we
have the NIOSH Shula pacifier weymouth
and I've designed this specifically to
help the horses that have what I call a
shorter smile and it's very common it's
very common with our warm Bloods of a
youth predominantly for dressage now
when I say a short smile what I mean is
short from the corner of the lip to the
muzzle and it is anatomically very very
common as I'll say especially with the
Dutch horses and when we're actually
fitting the doubles we want to ensure
that because of this short smile they
stay as far back in the mouth as
possible
because we want them to actually sit
over a thicker less sensitive part of
the tongue if they're situated too far
forward within the mouth then it would
ever take the horse it's on a thinner
much more sensitive part of the tongue
it would irritate the horse the horse
will become overactive in the mouth and
the horse will ultimately learn to draw
the tongue back and possibly get the
term over the top there'll be a lot more
space for the horse to actually achieve
this because the bits will be sat
further forwards now nobody has actually
done this before and our field trials
have been hugely successful for
combating this particular problem
through discomfort because it's actually
the mouthpiece is actually set on
backwards at 45 degrees now what this
does is basically when we employ the
curb and the curb acts and it lifts and
it turns the mouthpiece isn't traveling
forwards it's actually sitting much much
further back and within the horse's
mouth so it's actually more comfy and
it's giving us more space to accommodate
the per dune as well so it's very very
clever and it's proven hugely successful
so even if you haven't
got the short smile if you've got a
horse is over active within the mouths
draws the tongue back and possibly gets
the term over the top then again it can
be a huge benefit and that's the noise
Shula pacifier
prefer the proach information please
visit your local authorized Noyes
shooter retailer details or stockist are
available on the noise shooter website
at www.nsiindustries.com